cher car appear rk save apartment
from all these misfortunes will help reliable
plastic windows
they are cheaper and money is not
blown away when installing windows
it is worth remembering simple rules
so that new plastic windows do not
missed the noise and cold needed right
install them
therefore, closely monitor the work
installers first they must be
partial window opening
director of one side try
save on foam
do not clean construction debris
which can later lead to
formation of types of knowingly flying
window frames yesterday should be pasting
perimeter blown away the sides of the protective tape
michael haneke transition assembly
foam from moisture from the street to go from hot
air from rooms
in the third if this is not done utkina
will collapse
while on the frame pripyat tanker
plate the distance between them should
be no more than 70 centimeters otherwise
government fundamentals
and still the doorway must be set
level is very important at the slightest
skew the window just won't open
Now their masters fix the frame
self-tapping screws
in the opening must be properly moisten
by water
otherwise bin nyef
not bad only after that the masters can
Score
the next stage is the installation of the year
to improve sound insulation
wait you need to carefully check
then two rain will not be heard
guys drainage with screws
now they are installed
sill pay attention to it
drove the program for two centimeters only
then the sealing will be good
window sill I have to far radiator
otherwise but the show is a new man
after that the sash should fly
fasten the handles
asked to stop the slopes
make sure that they do not protrude behind the wall
the last turn of the masters should
put decorative strips
in the corners
check the work window should open and
closing easily without effort dmitri
Lihachev Anna Zhbankova Channel One